Commission FP simulations to COMPS via dtk-tools using campaign classes to generate FP campaigns.

Usage:

```python
dtk run commission_dtktools.py
```

Note, you will need to edit simtools.ini for your system and HPC configuration.

Reusable class files:

* **CampaignClass.py** – Generated Python classes for configuring campaigns
* **CampaignEnum.py** – Generated Python enums that goes with the CampaignClass.py file.

These classes can be generated using dtk-tools via the following command:

```python
dtk generate_classes -e /path/to/Eradication.exe -d -o .
```

N.B. dtk-tools currently has these classes at `dtk/utils/Campaign`.  This is problematic as the classes are specific to the version of the DTK you are using.  To get dtk-tools to work, you must overwrite these two files within dtk-tools.

N.B. [generate_classes is not compatible with Linux]https://github.com/InstituteforDiseaseModeling/dtk-tools/issues/1886

Script files:

* **GenerateCampaignRCM.py** – This is an example that creates a functional FP campaign file based on  RandomChoiceMatrix.  It will soon be extended with realistic numbers tied to a setting.
* **GenerateCampaignFP.py** – [Deprecated] A good example of how to write an FP campaign that uses RandomChoice.  The campaign-RC.json file is an example of the output.  Originally, the campaign.json file in regression 2_FP_SimpleCampaign was the file generated from this script.  The file in the regression test has changed due to issues found in the campaign logic.

Output files:

These files are generated by calling, e.g. `python GenerateCampaignRCM.py`.

* **output/campaign-RCM.json** – Example output of the GenerateCampaginRCM.py file.
* **output/campaign-FP.json** – Example output of the GenerateCampaignFP.py file

NOTE:  These scripts depend on DtkTools.
